Voices of Svaahaa - Kikuo. >> Translated: morika; Captioned: Lilyyy6
Lyric1
Weeping - weeping - the weeping child melted.
Lyric2
Angrily - angrily - angrily did the child burn.
Lyric3
Escaping - escaping - where did that child go?
Lyric4
Within the mountain of corpses, did they hide deep within.
Lyric5
Miserably, miserably, a balloon was furnished.
Lyric6
Birds, birds continuously pecked at it so.
Lyric7
Clickety, clack, did the bones rattle.
Lyric8
Upon the mountain of corpses, did the insects dance.
Lyric9
Footsteps clicking in delight, popping as the running hastens.
Lyric10
The poor soul chanting the words of Svaahaa:
Lyric11
"Where is that bad child? Where is he among us?"
Lyric12
That peculiar child must be chosen from us.
Lyric13
Bodily destruction - overwhelming collapse - light's decay - color's degradation.
Lyric14
Complete rupture - reoccurring dismantling - recovering remission - reviving man-made calamity.
Lyric15
Exhilarating destruction - reinvigorating mania - felony damage - required demand.
Lyric16
A prospering svaahaa, oh gods, won't you help us?
Lyric17
Aah...